centos7 and centos8 name update (#1832)
theforeman/forklift: docs/provision.md

Reviewer: Last line in this file still refers to centos7

2. Build a box

    - Option 1: Use the `centos9-provision-nightly` box.

>     - Option 2: Use an existing katello box (e.g. centos9-katello-p4-nightly) and run the provisioning playbook (it takes a while, as it syncs (on-demand) centos9, puppet 4).   ***Note*: If you are using puppet 4, you need to increase the ram on the box, to something like 8096 otherwise candlepin crashes with OOM.**
>         `ansible-playbook -l centos9-katello-p4-nightly playbooks/katello_provisioning.yml`

Reviewer: We haven't supported Puppet 4 for a long time.
```suggestion
    - Option 2: Use an existing katello box (e.g. centos9-katello-p7-nightly) and run the provisioning playbook (it takes a while, as it syncs (on-demand) centos9, puppet 7).   ***Note*: If you are using puppet 7, you need to increase the ram on the box, to something like 8096 otherwise candlepin crashes with OOM.**
        `ansible-playbook -l centos9-katello-p4-nightly playbooks/katello_provisioning.yml`
```

2. Build a box

    - Option 1: Use the `centos9-provision-nightly` box.

    - Option 2: Use an existing katello box (e.g. centos9-katello-p7-nightly) and run the provisioning playbook (it takes a while, as it syncs (on-demand) centos9, puppet 7).   ***Note*: If you are using puppet 7, you need to increase the ram on the box, to something like 8096 otherwise candlepin crashes with OOM.**
        `ansible-playbook -l centos9-katello-p7-nightly playbooks/katello_provisioning.yml`

4. Login and create a compute profile, because this isn't possible with hammer or the API.

   - Click Infrastructure / Compute Resources
   - Click "libvirt"
   - Click Compute profiles
   - Click 2-Medium

>         - increse ram to 1024MB (required for centos 9)

Reviewer: I think EL8 and newer needs at least 2048MB.

     DONE! Click submit :tada:

> 7. If you want to view the console while it boots, make sure to trust the CA certificate in your browser, it's hosted at https://centos9-katello-nightly.example.com/pub/katello-server-ca.crt, and you'll need to make sure you're accessing the katello via it's proper hostname (add an entry to /etc/hosts)

Reviewer: I think the actual hostname depends on what was chosen in step 1.

Reviewer: To be explicit: currrently we only have `centos9-stream-katello-nightly` so at least I'd expect
```suggestion
7. If you want to view the console while it boots, make sure to trust the CA certificate in your browser, it's hosted at https://centos9-stream-katello-nightly.example.com/pub/katello-server-ca.crt, and you'll need to make sure you're accessing the katello via it's proper hostname (add an entry to /etc/hosts)
```
